<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#aeolus-meeting Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#aeolus-meeting Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by eggmaster at 15:01:25 UTC
(<a href="aeolus-meeting.2012-12-06-15.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">shall we bundle templates with next release</b> <span class="details">(<a href='aeolus-meeting.2012-12-06-15.01.log.html#l-5'>eggmaster</a>, 15:02:34)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">mpovolny will
    collect the status of the CLI with respect to the API (importing
    templates)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='aeolus-meeting.2012-12-06-15.01.log.html#l-57'>eggmaster</a>,
    15:10:58)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/aeolus-incubator/templates">https://github.com/aeolus-incubator/templates</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='aeolus-meeting.2012-12-06-15.01.log.html#l-69'>jclift</a>,
    15:12:28)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">release
    template sets will live at
    https://github.com/aeolus-incubator/templates</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='aeolus-meeting.2012-12-06-15.01.log.html#l-126'>eggmaster</a>,
    15:22:21)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">cwolfe_ (with
    assistance from anyone here as needed) will consider how delivery of
    release template set could fit in dev-tools</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='aeolus-meeting.2012-12-06-15.01.log.html#l-128'>eggmaster</a>,
    15:23:06)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">hexo Will
    convert at least two of the non-CentOS templates at
    https://github.com/aeolus-incubator/templates to CentOS.</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='aeolus-meeting.2012-12-06-15.01.log.html#l-182'>jclift</a>,
    15:33:02)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">jclift will
    create a github issue to track conversion of templates to
    CentOS</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='aeolus-meeting.2012-12-06-15.01.log.html#l-205'>jclift</a>,
    15:37:42)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">can we mandate all Aeolus project's must send an email to aeolus-devel every time they do a new release?</b> <span class="details">(<a href='aeolus-meeting.2012-12-06-15.01.log.html#l-211'>eggmaster</a>, 15:38:29)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">no release
    w/o IM2</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='aeolus-meeting.2012-12-06-15.01.log.html#l-301'>eggmaster</a>,
    15:59:53)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">no release
    w/o Tim integration</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='aeolus-meeting.2012-12-06-15.01.log.html#l-303'>eggmaster</a>,
    16:00:10)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">eggmaster to
    add agenda items for next meeting from backchat</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='aeolus-meeting.2012-12-06-15.01.log.html#l-320'>eggmaster</a>,
    16:03:27)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">SOP doc</b> <span class="details">(<a href='aeolus-meeting.2012-12-06-15.01.log.html#l-321'>eggmaster</a>, 16:03:32)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 16:08:05 UTC
(<a href="aeolus-meeting.2012-12-06-15.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>mpovolny will collect the status of the CLI with respect to the API (importing templates)</li>
  <li>cwolfe_ (with assistance from anyone here as needed) will consider how delivery of release template set could fit in dev-tools</li>
  <li>hexo Will convert at least two of the non-CentOS templates at https://github.com/aeolus-incubator/templates to CentOS.</li>
  <li>jclift will create a github issue to track conversion of templates to CentOS</li>
  <li>eggmaster to add agenda items for next meeting from backchat</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> cwolfe_ <ol>
    <li>cwolfe_ (with assistance from anyone here as needed) will consider how delivery of release template set could fit in dev-tools</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> eggmaster <ol>
    <li>eggmaster to add agenda items for next meeting from backchat</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> hexo <ol>
    <li>hexo Will convert at least two of the non-CentOS templates at https://github.com/aeolus-incubator/templates to CentOS.</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> jclift <ol>
    <li>jclift will create a github issue to track conversion of templates to CentOS</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> mpovolny <ol>
    <li>mpovolny will collect the status of the CLI with respect to the API (importing templates)</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>eggmaster (114)</li>
  <li>jclift (101)</li>
  <li>mpovolny (40)</li>
  <li>morazi (30)</li>
  <li>cwolfe_ (29)</li>
  <li>hexo (20)</li>
  <li>jprovazn (10)</li>
  <li>dajo (4)</li>
  <li>ambot (2)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
