<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#aeolus-meeting Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#aeolus-meeting Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by giulivo at 14:05:29 UTC
(<a href="aeolus-meeting.2012-11-16-14.05.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">wrap up on the current status of art</b> <span class="details">(<a href='aeolus-meeting.2012-11-16-14.05.log.html#l-15'>giulivo</a>, 14:07:57)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="https://redmine.aeolusproject.org/redmine/projects/aeolus/wiki/Release_Checklist">https://redmine.aeolusproject.org/redmine/projects/aeolus/wiki/Release_Checklist</a>
    existing release checklist <span class="details">(<a
    href='aeolus-meeting.2012-11-16-14.05.log.html#l-16'>giulivo</a>,
    14:08:50)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">We have not been following our own release
    announcement process, mainly because we have not been clear about
    when and what we are releasing</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='aeolus-meeting.2012-11-16-14.05.log.html#l-17'>eggmaster</a>,
    14:10:37)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Git repos have been tagged at ends of sprints,
    but no upstream announcements have been sent recently at ends of
    sprints.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='aeolus-meeting.2012-11-16-14.05.log.html#l-19'>eggmaster</a>,
    14:11:35)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/aeolus-incubator/dev-tools">https://github.com/aeolus-incubator/dev-tools</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='aeolus-meeting.2012-11-16-14.05.log.html#l-53'>dajo</a>,
    14:19:42)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/aeolus-incubator/dev-tools">https://github.com/aeolus-incubator/dev-tools</a>
    aeolus dev_tools <span class="details">(<a
    href='aeolus-meeting.2012-11-16-14.05.log.html#l-55'>giulivo</a>,
    14:20:23)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://raw.github.com/mifo/deltacloud-dev-tools/master/bootstrap.sh">https://raw.github.com/mifo/deltacloud-dev-tools/master/bootstrap.sh</a>
    deltacloud bootstrap_tool <span class="details">(<a
    href='aeolus-meeting.2012-11-16-14.05.log.html#l-57'>giulivo</a>,
    14:20:35)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">eggmaster
    will find out if we will require use of postgresql for upstream
    release</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='aeolus-meeting.2012-11-16-14.05.log.html#l-68'>eggmaster</a>,
    14:22:45)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Decide on our officially supported platform(s) for upcoming release</b> <span class="details">(<a href='aeolus-meeting.2012-11-16-14.05.log.html#l-91'>jclift</a>, 14:29:10)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">candidate platforms: Fedora, RHEL,
    CentOS</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='aeolus-meeting.2012-11-16-14.05.log.html#l-95'>eggmaster</a>,
    14:29:58)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">for imgfac we may want to look at
    distutils</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='aeolus-meeting.2012-11-16-14.05.log.html#l-118'>giulivo</a>,
    14:33:43)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">we do *not*
    want our emphasis to be on packaging work</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='aeolus-meeting.2012-11-16-14.05.log.html#l-125'>giulivo</a>,
    14:34:35)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">shall we try use
    the mentioned tools to get a working environment on these two
    distros and document the issues?</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='aeolus-meeting.2012-11-16-14.05.log.html#l-144'>giulivo</a>,
    14:40:19)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rlandy will
    ping cwolfe about expected effort to get dev_tools working on CentOS
    and other distros</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='aeolus-meeting.2012-11-16-14.05.log.html#l-167'>eggmaster</a>,
    14:44:14)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">we should
    support centos and fedora first, via dev_tools (and the like)</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='aeolus-meeting.2012-11-16-14.05.log.html#l-179'>giulivo</a>,
    14:46:55)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED"></span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='aeolus-meeting.2012-11-16-14.05.log.html#l-180'>jclift</a>,
    14:47:04)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">giulivo will
    try to figure out how branches and tags are used on github by the
    different components</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='aeolus-meeting.2012-11-16-14.05.log.html#l-243'>giulivo</a>,
    14:57:50)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">Next meeting
    Wed 21-Nov-2012 1500 CET</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='aeolus-meeting.2012-11-16-14.05.log.html#l-269'>eggmaster</a>,
    15:01:32)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 15:03:08 UTC
(<a href="aeolus-meeting.2012-11-16-14.05.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>eggmaster will find out if we will require use of postgresql for upstream release</li>
  <li>rlandy will ping cwolfe about expected effort to get dev_tools working on CentOS and other distros</li>
  <li>giulivo will try to figure out how branches and tags are used on github by the different components</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> eggmaster <ol>
    <li>eggmaster will find out if we will require use of postgresql for upstream release</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> giulivo <ol>
    <li>giulivo will try to figure out how branches and tags are used on github by the different components</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> rlandy <ol>
    <li>rlandy will ping cwolfe about expected effort to get dev_tools working on CentOS and other distros</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>jclift (78)</li>
  <li>eggmaster (64)</li>
  <li>giulivo (53)</li>
  <li>rlandy (48)</li>
  <li>dajo (14)</li>
  <li>mpovolny (14)</li>
  <li>ambot (3)</li>
  <li>mmorsi (3)</li>
  <li>jprovazn (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
