---
layout: news
title: "Image Warehouse 0.99 stable release"
summary: "Image Warehouse 0.99 stable release"
---
### New features

* __Preliminary support is added for authorization with two-legged OAuth__  
  See the -o flag.

* __The RHEV-M import timeout interval is now configurable__  
  You can set it via the optional new "timeout" key in /etc/iwhd/conf.js.

### Bug fixes

* __iwhd now continues to work properly when mongo dies and is restarted__  
  Prior to this release, it would dump core due to an unhandled
  SocketException.

* __iwhd's /etc/init.d startup script now reports failure reliably__  
  For example, when failing to start because no MongoDB server is running.
  Prior to this release, it would print \[FAILED], but mistakenly exit with
  status 0 (success). Now it exits with status 1 to properly indicate an error.

* __Improved handling of RHEV-M 2.x template imports__  
  Adapt to a slight variation in the status report of a template import action
  in RHEV-M 2.x.

* __Time limits on RHEV-M imports have been relaxed__  
  dc-rhev-image now allows a RHEV-M import to take 10 minutes. Previously, it
  would timeout after just 1 minute, which was often inadequate.

* __Objection deletion now copes with missing backend file__  
  Deleting objects now succeeds when the file system backed file has been
  removed external to iwhd. Previously, this didn't work properly.

Full release announcement:

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[https://lists.fedorahosted.org/pipermail/iwhd-devel/2011-October/000937.html][1]

Latest Fedora RPMs (including source RPMs):

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[https://admin.fedoraproject.org/updates/iwhd][2]

 [1]: https://lists.fedorahosted.org/pipermail/iwhd-devel/2011-October/000937.html "Image Warehouse 0.99 release announcement"
 [2]:https://admin.fedoraproject.org/updates/iwhd "Fedora RPMs for Image Warehouse"
